c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\bin\Release\GP.exe.config
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\bin\Release\GP.exe
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\bin\Release\GP.pdb
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP.g.resources
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP.exe
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP.pdb
c:\users\loput\onedrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\GP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\XmlWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\XmlWindow.baml
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\XmlCategoricalWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\XmlCategoricalWindow.baml
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\Preset.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\visual studio 2015\Projects\GP\GP\obj\Release\Preset.baml
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\bin\Release\GP.exe.config
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP.exe
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP.pdb
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\bin\Release\GP.exe
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\bin\Release\GP.pdb
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\Preset.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\XmlCategoricalWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\XmlWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\App.g.cs
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\Preset.baml
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\XmlCategoricalWindow.baml
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\XmlWindow.baml
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP.g.resources
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\loput\OneDrive\문서\GitHub\GraduationProject\GP\obj\Release\GP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
